In order to solve the problem I went through the steps to get to the final solution. Through going through the steps, I realized that we can use a depth-first search approach to traverse through the nodes since it is a graph. The original method is the method that runs but we added another method to do the depth first search algorithm. The original method floodfill checks if the graph is already the new color which then we won't even have to do the depth first search at all and we can just return the original board. If it isn't the same we call the depth first search method and after we do that we will return the image again and this time it will be the newly formed image. The depth first search method uses recursion to iterate through the graph by checking each position next to the current position we arte at. The method first starts off by checking if the index that is being passed is out of bounds and that is the base case for the recursion. If those conditions are met then the program will change the color to the new color that was passed as a parameter in the depth first search method. After that we call the depth first search method 4 times since we have to check up down left and right. Each time we change the value of sc by 1 either +1 or -1 or we change the value of sr by 1 either by +1 or -1. And if those need to fill the new color we fill those with the new color. We make this a void method because it will change the image and we don't have to return the new image.
