1. We first get the number of vertices which we can then create a new matrix using the size n by n. We iterate through each vertex in the list and then we iterate through each neighbor of that vertex in the first for loop. We use nested for loops to get through vertex and the neighbors of the list. Inside the nested for loop we set the correspondong value to 1 and at the end we have to return the final matrix.
2. To convert from a matrix to a list we have to get the number of rows in the matrix and then make the list length the number of rows. We have to create an empty list with the length of the number of rows of the matrix. Since a matrix has both rows an columns we have to use nested for loops so that we can iterate through each row and each column. We first iterate through the amount of rows where we create another list with the amount of neighbors. Then we have another for loop that is nested inside the first for loop where we check if there is an edge between the two vectors and then if that is the case we add it to the list. At the end of the method we return the completed list with all the values from the matrix.
3. We start off by getting the number of vertices and then we put that into a integer. We create another graph which will hold the value of the reversed graph. We ue nested for loops where we use the first for loop to iterate through each vertex and the second for loop to iterate through each neighbor and the we add that value to the reverse graph that we created above. At the end of the code we return that reversed graph. When we add the values to the reversed graph we change the order of the vertices so that it is "neighbor,vertex".
